---
id: "7287882705147004618"
cubox_url: 
url: https://lovable.dev/
author: ""
collected: 2025-02-08
tags: []
---

# Lovable

# Support any backend

[lovable.dev](https://lovable.dev/)

"I absolutely LOVE your product! It is the single best thing that I experienced since I found ChatGPT! The value that you create with this is just over the top mind-blowing as it basically replaces or enhances a ton of SaaS-Solutions in an instant."

Thomas

"Lovable is hands down the best tool I've ever used. It's like a super senior dev who shares his tricks with you. For the first time, I can build apps without the headache. It's so much fun to use and gets me results in a heartbeat. Love it!"

Karin

"I'm always amazed at how fast we can whip up a UI with Lovable. It gives me a solid base that I can easily tweak and build on. Plus, using it to integrate it with the backend is magical!"

Martin - Platanus

"Lovable empowers me to create frontends that surpass my own technical limitations. It allows me to swiftly develop prototypes to showcase to clients, without the need for generic templates or starting from scratch. Essentially, it enables me to concentrate on the backend while GPT Engineer efficiently generates a functional and visually appealing frontend my clients will love."

Marius - Veloxforce

"Hi Anton, I just wanted to drop you a quick note to say how amazing Lovable is. I'm truly impressed by its quality, accuracy, speed, and how easy it is to use. It's a standout compared to anything else out there, and I'm genuinely excited to keep using it and see how it develops. Thank you so much for giving me the chance to use it during the Alpha stage - I feel really lucky to have this opportunity!"

Ray B.

"It is freaking astonishing! Wow, just wow!"

Rasmus J.

"Of all the products that I've tried, the services, the software your guys was the one that was legit \& true to its word with no fuck around, shady subscription and/or code stacks, which I really really like and I totally understand you guys are an alpha and the apps are simple but it's light years ahead in my opinion and experience!!"

Patrick S.

"I tried Lovable yesterday, and it was amazing. I had to build a showcase for our own AI model. One prompt was enough to get a solid UI, and after a few iterations it was connected to our API."

Daniel

"I can get rid of my developers, and save thousands of dollars"

Kate

"Okey, Lovable you win."

Andrew B.

[lovable.dev](https://lovable.dev/)

